profiling: add documentation for the config file and CLI arguments (#4398)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/profiling-config-file.asciidoc

[[profiling-config-file]]
=  Configuration file of the Universal Profiling Agent

> The Universal Profiling Agent can be configured using a configuration file. The path to the configuration file can be specified by the CLI argument `-config`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Universal Profiling Agent can be configured using a configuration file. Specify the path to the configuration file using the CLI argument `-config`.
```

> By default `/etc/Elastic/universal-profiling/pf-host-agent.conf` is looked up as location for the configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default path for the configuration file is `/etc/Elastic/universal-profiling/pf-host-agent.conf`.
```

> The expected format of the configuration file is a plaintext file, where each line holds one argument.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The expected format of the configuration file is a plaintext file, where each line holds one option.
```

Example:
[source]
----
project-id: 73
secret-token: abc123
collection-agent: example.com:443
----

> WARNING: Command line arguments to the Universal Profiling Agent have precedence over environment variables. And environment varaibles have precedence over configuration files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
WARNING: Command line arguments to the Universal Profiling Agent have precedence over environment variables. And environment variables have precedence over the configuration file.
```

> WARNING: Command line arguments to the Universal Profiling Agent have precedence over environment variables. And environment variables have precedence over the configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: Command line arguments to the Universal Profiling Agent take precedence over environment variables, and environment variables take precedence over the configuration file.
```

[options="header"]
|==================================

> | Config file argument | Type | Example | Description

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Config file option | Type | Example | Description
```

| `verbose` | `bool` | `verbose: true` | Run the Universal Profiling Agent in verbose mode.
| `no-kernel-version-check` | `bool` | `no-kernel-version-check: true` | Disable the kernel version check. See <<profiling-no-kernel-version-check, Override kernel version check >> for more details.
| `tags` | `string` | `tags: 'cloud_region:us-central1;env:staging'` |  Set specific tags. See <<profiling-tag-data-query, Tag data for querying>> for more details.
| `project-id` | `uint` | `project-id: 73` | Splits profiling data into logical groups that you control. You can assign any non-zero, unsigned integer <= 4095.

> | `secret-token` | `string` | `secret-token: abc123` | Set the secret token for the communication with the Universal Profiling Collector to `abc123`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `secret-token` | `string` | `secret-token: abc123` | Set the secret token for communicating with the Universal Profiling Collector to `abc123`.
```
